First Pass Asset Browser Documentation (#2369)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/editor/asset-browser.md

- Clickable breadcrumbs to navigate through parent directories.
     ![Asset Browser Click Navigate.](/images/user-guide/assetbrowser/breadcrumbs-click-navigate.png)
- Clicking empty space in the **Breadcrumbs Navigation Bar** converts it to a **URL Bar** that includes the ability to edit, cut, copy, and paste file locations
     ![Asset Browser Edit.](/images/user-guide/assetbrowser/breadcrumbs-edit.png)

## Opening Assets

1. Using the **Asset Browser**, you can open and edit assets by double clicking the **Left Mouse Button** on an asset.

- To open your asset in the editor, drag and drop your asset from the **Asset Browser** into the **Entity Outliner** or **Viewport**.
- To open your asset with an associated application, use **Right Mouse Button** on an asset to bring up the **context menu**, choose **Open with associated application...**
- To view your asset in your operating system's **File Explorer**, use **Right Mouse Button** to bring up the **context menu** and choose **Open in Explorer**.

## Search and Filter Assets

For projects that have many assets, you can search and filter for the assets that you want. Enter text in the search filter box to find specific assets.

> **Search for assets and use type filters**
> 
> 1. In the **Asset Browser**, enter the name of the asset.
> 
> 1. To create a filter by **Asset Type**, click the filter icon.
> 
> 1. Enter the asset type in the search field that appears or scroll and select the asset type that you want. Any asset that has that specified asset type appears in the results.
> 
>      The assets that appear are either **Material** assets or **Physics Material** assets.
> 
>      ![Asset Browser Asset Type Filter.](/images/user-guide/assetbrowser/asset-type-filter.png)
> 
> 1. To clear search results, click **Clear**.

Reviewer: - Made this into another section
- Switched to bullets instead of numbers, rearranged some of the points 

```suggestion
### Search field and type filters

To search and filter assets in the Asset Browser, do one of the following:
- Enter the name of the asset in the search field.

- Filter by **Asset Type** by clicking the filter icon and doing one of the following:

  - Enter the asset type in the filter's search field 
  - Scroll through the filter options and select the asset type that you want. 
  
  Any asset of the selected asset type appears in the results.

- Clear search results, by choosing **Clear**.

In the following example image, either **Material** or **Physics Material** assets appear.

![Asset Browser Asset Type Filter.](/images/user-guide/assetbrowser/asset-type-filter.png)
```

> **Advanced asset filter options**
> 
> 1. In the **Asset Browser**, open the **Asset Browser Menu**
> 
>      ![Asset Browser Advanced Filter Options.](/images/user-guide/assetbrowser/advanced-filter-options.png)
> 
> - Uncheck **Hide Engine Folders** to display assets that are not inside of your project folder.
>      
>      In the current release, this must be unchecked to view any external directories that have been added, including **Asset Gems**.
> 
> - Uncheck **Hide Unusable Product Assets** to display assets that are not usable by the editor.
> 
>      You can add or remove **Unusable Product Assets** using the  [Settings Registry System](/docs/user-guide/settings) by creating a JSON with a `.setreg` extension.
> 
>      In your new JSON file, specify the desired **Product Asset** along with its **Uuid**, and use the following JSON path: `/O3DE/AssetBrowser/AssetTypeUuidExcludes`. **Example**
> 
>      ```
>      {
>     "O3DE": {
>         "AssetBrowser": {
>             "AssetTypeUuidExcludes": {
>                 "AzslOutcomeAsset":  "{6977AEB1-17AD-4992-957B-23BB2E85B18B}",
>                 "ModelLodAsset": "{65B5A801-B9B9-4160-9CB4-D40DAA50B15C}",
>                 "ImageMipChainAsset": "{CB403C8A-6982-4C9F-8090-78C9C36FBEDB}", 
>                 "BufferAsset": "{F6C5EA8A-1DB3-456E-B970-B6E2AB262AED}", 
>                 "ShaderVariantAsset": "{51BED815-36D8-410E-90F0-1FA9FF765FBA}"
>                                      }
>                         }
>             }
>      }
>      ```

Reviewer: Restructured the numbered steps and the bullet points
````suggestion
### Advanced asset filter options

1. In the **Asset Browser**, open the **Asset Browser Menu**

    ![Asset Browser Advanced Filter Options.](/images/user-guide/assetbrowser/advanced-filter-options.png)

2. Use the following options as needed:

   - Disable **Hide Engine Folders** to display assets that are not inside of your project folder.
     
        This must be disabled to view any external directories that you may have added, including **Asset Gems**.

   - Disable **Hide Unusable Product Assets** to display assets that the Editor cannot use.

        You can add or remove **Unusable Product Assets** using the  [Settings Registry System](/docs/user-guide/settings) by creating a JSON with a `.setreg` extension.

        In your new JSON file, specify the desired **Product Asset** along with its **UUID**, and use the following JSON path: `/O3DE/AssetBrowser/AssetTypeUuidExcludes`. 
        
        **Example**

        ```json
        {
        "O3DE": {
            "AssetBrowser": {
                "AssetTypeUuidExcludes": {
                    "AzslOutcomeAsset":  "{6977AEB1-17AD-4992-957B-23BB2E85B18B}",
                    "ModelLodAsset": "{65B5A801-B9B9-4160-9CB4-D40DAA50B15C}",
                    "ImageMipChainAsset": "{CB403C8A-6982-4C9F-8090-78C9C36FBEDB}", 
                    "BufferAsset": "{F6C5EA8A-1DB3-456E-B970-B6E2AB262AED}", 
                    "ShaderVariantAsset": "{51BED815-36D8-410E-90F0-1FA9FF765FBA}"
                                        }
                            }
                }
        }
        ```
````
